Think Global, Act Local. $web
People come because of a company, and leave because of the boss. $web
A good manager is able to recognize his/her own mistakes. $web
Leaders grow up those, who are able to think. $web
People trust those, who believe in themselves. $web
The more you try, the luckier you are. $web
Idea without realization is useless. $web
One plus one equals eleven in partnership. $web
People, who know “how?” will always work for people, who know “why?”. $web
I never aspired to earn money, I had the desire to make something cool. $Laziz Adkhamov
I don’t have targets for one year. My goals are for 510 years. $Laziz Adkhamov
You start a company, pay salaries, taxes, fines, and maybe something is left for you at the end. That is the burden, all entrepreneurs carry on their shoulders throughout their lives. $Laziz Adkhamov
A normal human wants stability. Enrepreneur is not a normal human being, some kind of mutant. $Laziz Adkhamov
When you truly want something, think about it all the time, the Galaxy thinks: “Okay, okay, you want it, take it, go ahead”. $Laziz Adkhamov
Characteristics of a team: set up a common goal, gather, execute, break up. Shared values is what unites them. $Laziz Adkhamov
Everything you are using is created by entrepreneurs. They didn’t like how it was before, for instance, chairs, and were constantly improving them and other things around, so that now you can seat on comfortable one. $Laziz Adkhamov
Professionals know “how” to do things. They study many years to learn this. Entrepreneur doesn’t know “how”. He build a chain, where many people, who know “how”, generate added value $Laziz Adkhamov
To buy lego and to build a car from it are two different dimensions. $web
If you die today while sleeping, the last thing you saw would be your mobile phone. Waking up in the morning, the first thing you see is also your gadget. $Laziz Adkhamov
Entrepreneurs never have any profit. When they finally get it, they reinvest it somewhere else. So, they may have a lot of stuff, but no cash on hands. $Laziz Adkhamov
The main difference between an entrepreneur and employed person is the planning horizon. Managers usually plan only for 1 year ahead, while entrepreneurs build at least 510 years vision. $Laziz Adkhamov
Previously you would be a good father, who cooks well. Today, the digital world allows you to be an accountant in the daytime, an uber driver after your work, online german learner in the morning, and have a youtube blog on Saturday about cooking and monetize your talents. $Laziz Adkhamov
Steve Jobs was passionate about computers. Fully, with whole heart and mind. $web
Can you add value? $admin
What is the purpose of your life? $admin
Who will I be in 10, 20, 30 years? $admin
What do you want to leave after your death? $admin
Every month safe some money for your education. That is actually the best investment, in yourself. Small steps change the life, not jumps. $Hikmat Abdurahmanov
Good manager always solves problems in roots, not only the surface level. $web
Don’t plan too much. Work every day on yourself, set up goals, prepare yourself for something important, and when the moment comes, act. $web
In the 21st century, the ability to adapt will be so important for us. $web
In any work, it is truly crucial to build on mutual expectations with partners and colleagues from the beginning. $web
All great people do more than they are expected to accomplish. $web.
My inspiration is ordinary life. Ordinary life of people is full of interesting moments. You just need to listen, to be attentive. $admin
Don’t be afraid to be different. Have your own point of view and defend it. $admin
Do good things for people. The law of balance exists. Everything will come back to you. $admin
Develop your networking. Interact with those, who are stronger and smarter. $admin
The more initiative you are, the more you can achieve. $admin
There is nothing for free in Singapore. No even pensions. An old man of 80 years can be sweeping the streets, and that is normal. At the same time, Singapore has more than 1 trln USD in their national fund. $Aziza Umarova
Children in Singapore schools are taught to think critically, to ask questions, to search for the ways through the participation, creativity and innovations. $Aziza Umarova
Good manager is a performer. He is able to see the goal and work for result. He is usually successful not only at work, but also in sport, hobbies and personal life. He cannot just seat quietly, he always generates something new. Doers do not see the final goal, they are concentrated on the process. $web
Be simple, but not too simple. $admin
