Losers are never late, but they always come at the wrong time. $Don-Aminado
Nothing spoils family life like a personal secretary. $Don-Aminado
The eyes are the signatures of the soul. $Don-Aminado
Education helps you endure humiliation. Education is respected in prison. Education is to live longer. $Michail Jvanetskiy
A person does not know what to dream about until he sees it in the other hands. $Michail Jvanetskiy
Only those, who have earned money by themselves, truly know its value. $admin
Buy a bicycle, if you don’t have one. If you have, buy a new one to someone who doesn’t. $admin
Love and being loved- that is something I appreciate in my life. $admin
Keep fit, don’t let yourself have extra weight. $admin
Don’t eat late in the evenings. $admin
Spend money fun and easy. Making savings is as much a sign of old age as hair in your ears. $admin
Travel at least twice a year. $admin
Stay curious. $admin
Learn to enjoy nonsense, at least good weather, blooming lilacs or a nightingale. $admin
Don't confuse luxury and comfort with happiness. $admin
If the opportunity to travel somewhere arises at night, go! Better to miss a workday than life. $admin
Be generous! $admin
Be light on your feet. No need to always weigh, ponder and reflect. $admin
Don't try to look younger - you will look funny. You need to look good, but for your age. $admin
Eat some fish today. $admin
Drink today some green calming tea. $admin
A leader always wants a lot. He wants movement and change. He hates passivity, it depresses him. $Gandapas
Success for a leader is a new future for those for whom he is responsible. The leader is by all means a dreamer, an engineer of the future. $Gandapas
A goal is the main source of human bioenergetics, his ability to work harder and longer than others, to remain vigorous. $Gandapas
Charismatic people have the surplus of the energy: they have more energy than they need for their daily needs. And this has a strong effect on those around him, even encourages them to talk about a special radiance, energy flows emanating from the leader. $Gandapas
First of all, in the biography of the leader, attention is drawn to the facts that speak about his/her giftedness, the highest intellectual and physical abilities, about special spiritual properties. $Gandapas
A charismatic leader is a person who is not ashamed of his imperfection and, oddly enough, benefits from this. $Gandapas
For a charismatic speaker, stories are very important. He is a master at telling stories and fables, incidents from life. His speeches often start with stories or put history at the center of the conversation. $Gandapas
Around some companies, brands and goods, as well as around charismatic personalities, a kind of icon grows that has no rational explanation. Charismatic companies have their own mass of fans. They treat the brand and its bearers in the same way as believers treat the head of their cult or religion. $Gandapas
Have lunch with various interesting people with whom it will be interesting to exchange experiences. $admin
It is better to start the morning with small, but unpleasant things. $admin
We often put off important things for later. Try to set aside one day for this. Nothing on this day except business, only 1 day. $admin
Sterile cockpit is an aviation term. During takeoff and landing, the most crucial moments, conversations in the office are allowed only on topics related to the flight. We also need a sterile cabin-time and space for concentrated work and concentration. $Igor Mann
Ability to say no. Do you have it?  $admin
Buffer zones in the daily routine. Take stock between appointments, never plan second in second. Life always makes adjustments. $admin
Celebrate intermediate victories. Celebrate small wins and reward yourself for results. $admin
"Work takes time, allotted for it." Tight deadlines force us to concentrate, be less distracted, and work more productively. $Parkinson's Law 
If you do not observe the rhythm and do not restore energy within one working day, then you will become less and less productive. $The law of decreasing energy
Sport gives energy, but does not take away. $Igor Mann
Never be late. It is better to arrive ten minutes early than to be late one. $Igor Mann
Pose of cooperation. In negotiations, it is better to sit on one side with partners. $Igor Mann
Never refuse a drink offered by others: tea, coffee for example. $Igor Mann
Come to meetings with a small gift and give it right at the beginning. $Igor Mann
The participant of the game, events or negotiations, who is closer to the center, has more influence on the rest. $Igor Mann
