Burn the ships. In ancient times, warlords burned ships so that the soldiers knew they had nowhere to retreat. Make a public pledge, do whatever it takes to cut your retreat. It's scary, but effective. $Igor Mann
What is the difference between martial art and sports? If you in old age can do what you did in your youth, you are engaged in martial art. If in old age you can only remember and complain about your age, you go in for sports. $Coach
Before the meeting, always understand what you want to get from her at the end. $admin
Address people by names. $admin
The winner is not afraid of competition. $Bill Newman
All the world is a stage, and all the men and women merely players. $ William Shakespeare
Pronounce people's names magically. $admin
Look in the eyes. $admin
Don't ask God for an easy life, ask Him to make you stronger. $web
I cannot change the direction of the wind, but I can change the sails. $web
The deeper the nail is in the wall, the more load it will carry. $web
The strong is not the one who can put on the shoulder blades with just one glance, but the one who is able to lift from knees with one smile. $web
If you don't like what you get, change what you give. $web
Your right to sow what you want. But you will reap not what you want, but what you have sown. $web
Before burning bridges, see if you are on the right side. $web
The lower the intelligence, the louder the insults. $web
Doubt and anxiety are poisonous to health. $web
You need to be able to rest, especially from your thoughts. $web
The biggest misconception is that we believe that we still have a lot of time. $web
Man is a product of his own thoughts. What he thinks about, so that he becomes. $web
Happy is not the one who has all the best, but the one who derives the best from what he has. $web
Don't trust someone who speaks beautifully. There is always a game in his words. Trust the one who silently does beautiful things. $Omar Khayyam
Life cannot be changed overnight. But overnight, you can change thoughts that will change your life forever. $web
Good friends go to someone who knows how to be a good friend himself. $web
Start every day with a victory! Over your laziness, over your fears! A wonderful life is ahead. $web
You don't have to look for happiness, you have to be one. $web
We say the most important words in our lives silently. $web
Silence and a smile are two powerful weapons. Smiling is a way to solve many problems, while silence helps to avoid them. $web
The best things in life are free: Hugs, smiles, friends, kisses, family, sleep, love, laughter, dreams and a good mood. $admin
At any age, a day should begin with a kiss and end with a kiss. $admin
The hardest school is the school of life. You never know what grade you are in and when the next exam is. You can't even copy, because no one else has your variant. $web
Respect means recognizing the sovereign right of another to be different from you. $web
Simplify everything you do. $Sam Walton
My role has been to pick good people and give them maximum authority and responsibility. $Sam Walton
He pushed decision making down the organization giving local managers and associates the responsibility and authority to run their businesses and serve their local shoppers. $Sam Walton
Manage your expenses. Our money was made by controlling expenses. Keep them in minimum. $Sam Walton
Sam Walton hired hard working average people yet he set standards at above average levels. He had a unique ability to bring out the best in people. $Sam Walton
It is impossible to have excellent external customer service without first having tremendous internal customer service. $Sam Walton
Use folklore and storytelling. Sam Walton was a master storyteller who used illustrative stories to reinforce his cultural messages. $Sam Walton
Respect for the Individual. We are hardworking, ordinary people, who have teamed up to accomplish extraordinary things. Service to our customers. Strive for Excellence. We are proud of our accomplishments but never satisfied. $Sam Walton
I believe in always having goals, and always setting them high. $Sam Walton
I believe that the key to success is to communicate a few clear goals and for leaders to avoid the temptation to constantly keep changing them. Keep your goals focused. $Sam Walton
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. $Sam Walton
Keep everybody guessing as to what your next trick is going to be. Don’t be too predictable. $Sam Walton
Enjoy the competition more than the ultimate victory. $Sam Walton
