Consensus: If you want someone to do something, show others doing it. $Robert Chaldini
Scarcity. It might not be enough to talk about the benefits of your offer. You also need to point at what people will lose if they fail to act. $Robert Chaldini
Liking: people prefer to say yes to people they like. We like: those who are similar to us, those who compliment us, who cooperate with us towards a common goal. $Robert Chaldini
Studies show that the attention span of the average person is between 10 and 18 minutes. $Robert Chaldini
In many countries, meetings are held with everybody standing up because it leads to decisions being reached more quickly. $Robert Chaldini
A good speech is one that induces the listeners to change their minds, while giving them the feeling that this change of opinion is their own decision. $Robert Chaldini
There was once a Finn who lived his wife so much that he almost told her. $Joke
Look in the eyes-but don’t stare. $admin
Be a friend, not a judge. Resist the impulse of giving the other person advice. $Robert Chaldini
The most romantic gift: to listen to another’s anxieties for one hour, without judgment or solutions. $Robert Chaldini
Say enough for your counterpart to understand, but don’t say too much, or you will cause confusion. $Robert Chaldini
The best solution is all conflict situations is simple: by approaching and talking to each other. Or, in the words of game theorists, by cooperating. $Robert Chaldini 
Behind every popular author you can find a hundred other writers whose books will never sell. Behind them are those who could not find publishers. Behind them are yet another hundred who did not finish their manuscripts. And hundreds who dream to write a book. $ Rolf Dobelli
Female models advertise cosmetics and, thus, many female consumers believe that these products make you beautiful. But it is not cosmetics that make us beautiful. Models are born attractive, and only for this reason they are candidates for cosmetics add. $Rolf Dobelli
Harvard has the reputation of being a top university. Many highly successful people have studied there. Does this mean that Harvard is a good school? We don’t know. Perhaps the school is terrible, and it simply recruits the brightest students around. $Rolf Dobelli
The film was awful. I invite my wife to leave. She declines, as we have paid 30 dollars already. Yet, we have paid 30 dollars regardless of whether we stay or leave, so this factor should not play a role in our decision. $Rolf Dobelli
The sunk cost fallacy is most dangerous when we have invested a lot of time, energy, money, energy, or love in something. This investment becomes a reason to carry on, even if we are dealing with a lost case. $Rolf Dobelli
We judge something to be beautiful, expensive, or large if we have something ugly, cheap, or small in front of us. We have difficulty with absolute judgments. $Rolf Dobelli
A product that has been reduced from 100 to 70 seems a better value than a product that has always cost 70. $Rolf Dobelli
Business journalists say that Google’s dominance was predestined, even though in 1998 no one would believe in this. The world is truly unpredictable in fact. $Rolf Dobelli
True experts recognize the limits of what they know and what they don’t. If they find themselves outside their circle of competence, they keep quiet or say that they don’t know. $Rolf Dobelli
Look at soldiers in Middle Ages. What motivated them to move thousands miles away from home and take risks of dying? If they could come back, the would be rich. If they died, they passed as heros, with all priviliges with it. It was win-win. $Rolf Dobelli
Never ask a barber if you need a haircut. $Rolf Dobelli
Never judge a decision by its outcome, especially when randomness and external factors play a role. $Rolf Dobelli
A broader selection leads to poorer decisions. $Rolf Dobelli
Think carefully what you want before you inspect existing offers. Write down these criteria and stick to them rigidly. $Rolf Dobelli
There is nothing more effective in selling anything than getting the customer to believe, really believe, that you like him and care about him. $Rolf Dobelli
We see people pleasant, if a)they are attractive, b)they are similar to us in terms of origin, personality, or interests, and c)they like us. $Rolf Dobelli
We consider things to be more valuable the moment we own them. So, do not get used to things. Consider them as the universe has given them to you temporarily. $Rolf Dobelli
Romeo and Juliet effect : Because love is forbidden, it is boundless. So, assess products and services solely on the basis of their price and benefits. $Rolf Dobelli
People believe in the balancing power of the universe. A ball in casino cannot remember how many times it landed on black. $Rolf Dobelli
A coin flipps three times head. Now, you have to bed 1k. Most choose tales, yet, the probability is still 50/50. $Rolf Dobelli
We fear loss more than we value gain. Losing 100$ hurts more than happiness of getting 100$. For this reason, if you want to convince someone about something, don’t focus on the advantages, instead highlight how it helps them dodge the disadvantages. $Rolf Dobelli
A French scientists in 1913 found that 2 horses pulling a coach did not equal twice the power of a single horse. Social loafing. It happens when individual effect is not visible, when it is blended into the group effort. $Rolf Dobelli
It is clear why usually winners of auctions pay too much. If product was offered from 10 to 100 million, most probably, the real value is somewhere in the range. $Rolf Dobelli
The real value of many things are uncertain. The more interested the party is, the higher the chance of overpayments. Most importantly, we want to outdo competitors. $Rolf Dobelli
Dozens of studies have shown that we automatically regard good-looking people as more pleasant, honest, and intelligent. $Rolf Dobelli
