Takes responsibility for decisions. $admin
Focuses on opportunities rather than problems. $admin
Run productive meetings. $admin
Say “we” rather than “I”. $admin
Executives are doers, they execute. Knowledge is useless until it is translated into action. $Effective executive
The action plan is a statement of intentions rather than a commitment. It should be revised often because every success creates new opportunities. So does every failure. $Effective executive
Without an action plan, the executive becomes a prisoner of events. Yet, Napoleon said that no successful battle followed its plan. $Effective executive
Time is an executive’s scarcest and most precious resource. $Effective executive
*Effective executives share their plans with and ask for comments from all their colleagues-superiors, subordinates and peers. $Effective executive
Effective executives put their best people on opportunities rather than problems. $Effective executive
Effective executives get the right things done. $Effective executive
Effective people know where their time goes. $Effective executive
Effective people build on strengths-own, superiors, colleagues, and subordinates; strengths in the situation, what they can do. $Effective executive 
Effective people concentrate on the few major areas where superior performance will produce outstanding results. $Effective executive 
Effective people force themselves to set priorities and stay with their priority decisions. $Effective executive
Don’t interrupt others. $Effective executive
What can I and no one else do which, if done really well, would make a real difference to this company, for my family and sociery? $Effective executive
A players hire A+ players, B hire C, C hire D etc. So, once you have the risk of waking up with Z players around. $Effective executive
There is no such thing as a “good man”. Good for what? Is the question. $Effective executive
Effective executive has the capacity to make common people achieve uncommon performance. $Effective executive
Each job should be demanding big. It should have challenge to bring the best of us. $Effective executive
Only strength produces results. Weakness only produces headaches. $Effective executive
Effectiveness is concentration. $Effective executive
Mozart was able to work at several compositions at the same time, and all of them were masterpieces. Back, Haydn, Verdi and others worked only on one at a time. Mozart was an exception. $Effective executive
A decision is a judgment. It is a choice between alternatives. It is rarely a choice between right and wrong. Effective executive starts with opinions. $Effective executive
The first sentence of the book defines its form and content. All the energy of the work, its tone - from the first sentence. $Alisher Faizullaev
A savage differs from a cultured person by a high culture of spontaneous behavior. $Alisher Faizullaev
For the author, the article is ready when it is no longer possible to continue writing it. It's even impossible to read. $Alisher Faizullaev
The most amazing kind of patience is the patience of your bad habits. $Alisher Faizullaev
What is better to do? Something that you are able to do with an inner smile. $Alisher Faizullaev
A good negotiator is capable of negotiating anywhere, anytime. $Alisher Faizullaev
In strategic games, the importance of any move is determined by the importance of subsequent moves. A good strategist, making a certain move, works for subsequent moves. $Alisher Faizullaev
Everyone needs a teacher. And a teacher needs a teacher. But who can become a teacher's teacher? Of course, his students. $Alisher Faizullaev
Sunday is a day without time management and deadlines. $Alisher Faizullaev
A peculiar, often very difficult character is a diamond. The ennobled, often very pleasant character is the diamond. Much is lost when a diamond is made from a diamond. $Alisher Faizullaev
Loyalty is a two-way street. If one side is not loyal to the other, then it is difficult to expect the other to be loyal to the first. $Alisher Faizullaev
In football, among other things, it is important to score goals. $Alisher Faizullaev
Push your limits – but gently. $Alisher Faizullaev
Jazz is a miracle, it is improvisation, unexpectedness, unpredictability, freedom, avoiding formalities, dry and predictable schemes, harmony on some other, incomprehensible level. $Alisher Faizullaev
Jazz is both negotiations (between instruments, between musicians, between performers and listeners), communication and meditation with subtle nuances and intonations. $Alisher Faizullaev
Clothes must fit the occasion. $Alisher Faizullaev
The university is, in theory, the most interesting place in the world. This is a place for knowledge, joint search, creativity, reflection, discussion, experimentation, innovation, discovery, education, personal and professional development. $Alisher Faizullaev
