I am a supporter of negotiations. But there is no point in negotiating when there is nothing to agree on, or there is no zone of possible agreement. Waste of time. $Alisher Faizullaev
Don't be manipulated. Polite but firm. $Alisher Faizullaev
Aggression is a manifestation of weakness and helplessness. $Alisher Faizullaev
It is not difficult to be complex, it is not easy to be simple. $Alisher Faizullaev
Any trip is also a journey into your inner world. $Alisher Faizullaev
He was really rich - he had spiritual wealth and a fat wallet. $Alisher Faizullaev
There are many negative and positive things in the world. The negative is disease, disaster, insults, hatred, wars, etc. The positive is kindness, love, help, healing, a smile, etc. $Alisher Faizullaev
Can you feel the energy of a person? Of course you can. By the way he moves, how his voice sounds, how he breathes, what is the condition of his skin, hair, etc. But the most important thing is the sparkle, the sparkle of the eyes. $Alisher Faizullaev
Much can be said about a person by the way he moves. Smooth and graceful movements indicate harmony of nature and evenness of character. Grace bypasses obese, angry and unbalanced people. $Alisher Faizullaev
The times are coming when people can be real only by being virtual. $Alisher Faizullaev
Happy is a grain of sand that feels and accepts itself as a grain of sand. $Alisher Faizullaev
A person is a professional not because he has a profession, but because he can earn his living by this profession. $Alisher Faizullaev
A good education is education that paves the way for self-education. $Alisher Faizullaev
A person is effective if he is able to effectively cooperate and compete. In a collaboration strategy, predictability is important, and in a competitive strategy, unpredictability. $Alisher Faizullaev
If I was asked to name one very simple and very useful thing for both body and soul, I would mention a walk. After a good walk, you feel that you are close to paradise. $Alisher Faizullaev
Fences, walls, fences are interrupted space. Happiness loves to live in open space. $Alisher Faizullaev
Any end contains a beginning. Even the end of life is the beginning of something new. $Alisher Faizullaev
Geniuses are a kind of colossal egoists. They do not follow the world, but the world follows them. Others do not create their world, but they create the world of the rest. $Alisher Faizullaev
In many oriental cultures, serving someone tea is a significant symbolic act of respect and friendship. The tea ceremony is the art of thanksgiving. Gratitude purifies and elevates a person. $Alisher Faizullaev
A person's success depends on many factors. Ability, education, knowledge, health, luck, useful contacts, support, favorable environment - all this helps, of course. But the main thing, after all, is desire and work. You have to be damn motivated and scared to work hard - then everything will work out. $Alisher Faizullaev
Always being careful is fatal. Always being decisive is also disastrous. Better to be careful where you need to be, and decisive where it is required. But who knows which of the specific situations requires caution, and which - decisiveness: most often you have to act on intuition. $Alisher Faizullaev
You can respect someone else's opinion only by having your own opinion. After all, if you do not have your own opinion, then what is the use of respecting the opinion of others? $Alisher Faizullaev
Maintain good relationships with loved ones. $admin
Regular physical activity. Do it. $admin
Regular mental activity, in particular by reading interesting books. $admin
Self-motivation and self-development, for example, through reading interesting biographies and motivational books. $admin
Define long-term and medium-term goals, as well as their alignment with daily activities. $admin
Meeting new and interesting people. $admin
Go to bed early and get up early. $admin
Walk every day: at least 0.5 hours in the morning and evening. $admin
You need the ability to treat problems constructively. $admin
Constant expansion of your comfort zone, curiosity. $admin
Self-esteem and the development of self-confidence. That is what you need now. $admin
It's easy to write a book when you don't know what to write about, how to write, and for whom to write - well, that's it. It is much more difficult when you know about all this, because in this way your task becomes almost impossible. $Alisher Faizullaev
Everything seems obvious only to idiots. $Alisher Faizullaev
Becoming unnecessary to anyone, a person becomes unnecessary even to himself. $Alisher Faizullaev
When a person does not have time for important things, it means that he spends too much time on unimportant things. $Alisher Faizullaev
Imagine you have a wonderful and happy family, excellent health, loyal friends, a job you love, a lot of money, a great home, a cool car, a private jet, a personal yacht, high social status, impressive achievements, and everyone adores you. Now it's time to work. $Alisher Faizullaev
You cannot achieve something without sacrificing something. Achievement is always a matter of price. $Alisher Faizullaev
It is happiness to share knowledge and skills, especially with worthy ones. But even greater happiness is when knowledge and skills are shared with you, as with a worthy one. $Alisher Faizullaev
