If the enemy attacks, we start negotiations; if the enemy starts negotiations, we attack. $The Art of War Book
Learning, cognition and development of skills occurs in everyday life if a person is open to the world. The desire and ability to learn gives a person more than just acquiring a certain amount of knowledge. $Alisher Faizullaev
We are all in this life in order to achieve something. Not in the sense of a career, position or material wealth, but in the sense of understanding this world, our destiny and contribution to eternity. $Alisher Faizullaev
Paradoxically, often a complex character helps a person achieve something meaningful in life. First, a complex character indicates a person's uniqueness. Secondly, it is an indicator of a difficult, often deep nature of a person. Thirdly, a person with a complex character may not do what ordinary and docile people do and focus on what interests him. $Alisher Faizullaev
In strategy games between teachers and students, as a rule, the former are more powerful, and the latter are more cunning. In this situation, it is always difficult to predict who will beat whom. $Alisher Faizullaev
Sleep is good. But not the eternal one. $Alisher Faizullaev
In life, it is important to be able not only to start something, but also to finish something. Not only to start something important in time, but also to stop doing something vain, idiotic or harmful in time. $Alisher Faizullaev
Only when you wake up do you realize that you were sleeping. And during sleep you do not even know about it. $Alisher Faizullaev
Not every worker who works. Not every writer who writes. And not everyone is alive who lives. $Alisher Faizullaev
The best players have their own rules. $Alisher Faizullaev
The main strength of great poets, writers, artists, singers, actors, scientists, philosophers, thinkers is, above all, the ability to motivate. All of them are motivating individuals. $Alisher Faizullaev
The main surprise of each person can be himself. $Alisher Faizullaev
The search for the meaning of life and gives meaning to life. $Alisher Faizullaev
Confidence combined with sensitivity and friendliness, firmness combined with good-naturedness and understanding, assertiveness combined with attentiveness and friendliness - this is the formula for effective behavior. $Alisher Faizullaev
If you feel any of your internal organs, then there is a reason to think: 'is everything all right with him'? $Alisher Faizullaev
A good song is destined to be eventually boring. $Alisher Faizullaev
Being good everywhere and in everything seems to be a hopeless business. $Alisher Faizullaev
Many great writers, artists and other creative people were able to achieve financial wealth. However, in many cases only after death. $Alisher Faizullaev
You can become a real person only through superhuman efforts. $Alisher Faizullaev
Parents can help their children, first of all, without disturbing them. $Alisher Faizullaev
Strategic skill is the ability to go forward without necessarily moving forward. $Alisher Faizullaev
Question: Happy or unhappy is a person dying of happiness? Answer: Of course happy, until he died. $Alisher Faizullaev
The point is not in things or phenomena, but in how we interpret them. $Alisher Faizullaev
An effective person is one who solves the problems that arise. The super-effective person poses problems and solves them. Effective individuals overcome stagnation, super-efficient individuals make progress. $Alisher Faizullaev
First, I am a writer, and for me not writing is more difficult than writing. $Alisher Faizullaev
The feeling of strength is strength itself. $Alisher Faizullaev
To begin negotiations, you must first see their end. $Alisher Faizullaev
A person's life is his attempt to find his own niche in this life. $Alisher Faizullaev
Stupidity does not require brakes, but wisdom does. $Alisher Faizullaev
Everywhere you spit, you get caught in someone else's spit. $Alisher Faizullaev
Morning. My computer woke up. Now he will start to exploit me. $Alisher Faizullaev
One good loss is better than many bad wins. $Alisher Faizullaev
Character is the core of a person. A certain handwriting, originality, individual attitude towards oneself and the world. All outstanding people were character, original, with a core. A person is not interesting if he has no character. A bright character is the lot of the elite. $Alisher Faizullaev
There is a thing that is too much for some and too little for others: ambition. $Alisher Faizullaev
Observing people, their achievements and destiny, I am constantly convinced of the power and importance of human motivation. Motivation is the source, strength, nourishment, mover, fuel of human achievement. $Alisher Faizullaev
Many people in one way or another find a job, a life partner, and a home, and also develop a certain way of life. But only the lucky ones manage to find their job, their life partner, their home, as well as develop their own way of life. $Alisher Faizullaev
*Your freedom has to cope with your pocket. $Alisher Faizullaev
Sometimes the strongest way to say something is to remain silent. $Alisher Faizullaev
Anyone who talks a lot will lose the attention of others. The one who is constantly silent will remain incomprehensible. $Alisher Faizullaev
Unasked questions are the hardest to answer. $Alisher Faizullaev
Style is an internal state. $Alisher Faizullaev
Fill your life with meaning, and life will fill you with happiness! $Alisher Faizullaev
Fridge to its content:- The main thing in our world is warmth! $Alisher Faizullaev
Egoist to altruist: - Don't think only about someone else's! $Alisher Faizullaev
