It is the hardest thing for a person to do the easiest things: everyone will expect him to do it with ease. $Alisher Faizullaev
It is easiest for a person to do what is most difficult: in case of failure, no one will blame him for lack of skill or diligence. $Alisher Faizullaev
Human nerves:- Let's play? $Alisher Faizullaev
Music is a massage of the soul. Some prefer to be pounded, while others like to be gently stroked. $Alisher Faizullaev
Laziness to hard work: - Do not be lazy to rest! $Alisher Faizullaev
What is good for a person can be bad for humanity. $Alisher Faizullaev
The store is a place of voluntary disposal of surplus money. $Alisher Faizullaev
It is known that genius is a combination of talent and hard work, but it is unknown how. $Alisher Faizullaev
The choice is easy if there is none. $Alisher Faizullaev
The cinema hall did not have an entrance: on all the doors there were “Exit” signs. $Alisher Faizullaev
Only a good man can adequately declare his love for a woman. $Alisher Faizullaev
An outstanding diplomat differs from a less outstanding one primarily by the power of his country. $Alisher Faizullaev
Living abroad is a privilege for some and a curse for others. It's the same with life in your home country. $Alisher Faizullaev
The more a person differs from other people, the more he becomes like himself. $Alisher Faizullaev
The car was invented by those who did not want to walk in the usual way, the calculator - in the usual way, and the plane - in the usual way. $Alisher Faizullaev
Many people, after retirement, give up abruptly, even do not live long. Indeed, excess time gives rise to its deficit. $Alisher Faizullaev
Our immediate future depends on our further future. $Alisher Faizullaev
God gave people problems so that they were happy solving them. $Alisher Faizullaev
Use very small steps to improve a habit, a process or product. $Kaizen
Use very small moments to inspire new products and inventions. $Kaizen
Small steps can achieve your biggest dreams. $Kaizen
Extreme diets and workout programs often fail since they require huge quantities of willpower, and often, the willpower doesn’t last. While more exercise is better than less, small amounts make a difference. $Kaizen
Each employee in a kaizen culture is asked to look each day for ways to improve the process or product: lowering cost, increasing quality, and always-in the service of the customer. $Kaizen
Kaizen invites us to be grateful for health, for our next breath, for the moments with a friend or colleague. $Kaizen
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. $Albert Einstein
Kaizen and innovation are the two major strategies people use to create change. Where innovation demands shocking and radical reform, all kaizen asks is that you take small, comfortable steps toward improvement. $Kaizen
All adventures, especially into new territory, are scary. $Kaizen
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of it. $Mark Twain
What shapes our lives are the questions we ask, refuse to ask, or never think to ask. $Sam Keen
There is a dramatically different effects between asking questions and issuing commands. $Kaizen
Writing a novel, don’t think on large questions. Start with small ones. Small situations, little fragments. And they will lead you to something bigger. $Kaizen
If I were guaranteed not to fail, what would I be doing differently? $Kaizen
What is one small step I could take toward reaching my goal? $Kaizen
Is there a person in my life whose voice and input I haven’t heard in a long time? What small question could I ask this person? $Kaizen
Set times for 5 minutes every day to clean your house. Stop after 5 minutes. $Kaizen
High-reliability organizations are the ones, where high responsibility people work. Pilots, emergency workers, nuclear engineers. They are united by the ability to detect incredibly wear warnings signs and taking strong, decisive action. $Kaizen
If a person in a lovely car with his beloved wife cannot enjoy the ride, he would definitely face difficulties in creating happiness later in his life. $Kaizen
People feel appreciated when boss thanks them, or colleagues say compliments, or someone brings them coffee when they are working late. $Kaizen
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. $Kaizen
Every morning all you have to do is just to get out of your bad. $Kaizen
We are all eligible for life’s small pleasures: a massage, a kiss, an empty parking space, a crackling fire, a great meal, a glorious sunset, hot soup, fresh juice. Enjoy life’s small moments. $Kaizen
Use a pleasant tone when speaking to a family member. $Kaizen
Putting away phone, newspaper when talking. $Kaizen
Arrive home at promised time, or at least call if there is a delay. $Kaizen
Many people think that the secret to reconnecting with their partner is a romantic dinner or trip to a seashore. But the real secret is to turn toward each other in little ways every day. $Kaizen
All partnerships have to be consistently nurtured. Good life is not stable condition. It can be achieved only through constant readjustment. $Rolf Dobelli
