Plans almost never come true without problems, as Eisenhower said: “Plans are nothing. Planning is everything”. $Rolf Dobelli
Everything we know about a particular sphere, all the rules, procedures, we know because someone somewhere has died to discover it. $Rolf Dobelli
After 75K per year, your utility decreases dramatically. So, don’t compare yourself to wealthy. It will make you unhappy. $Rolf Dobelli
Who are more successful-speculators or investors? There are winners and losers on both sides, but the giants among the winners are to be found only on the side of the investors. Why? One central difference: Investors take advantage of a long timespans; stockbrokers don’t. $Rolf Dobelli
Why do goals work? Goal-oriented people put more effort into accomplishing them. And because goals make decisions easier. What matters is to know where you are going. $Rolf Dobelli
We change more rapidly than we think. The person we will be in 10 years from now is guaranteed to be a different person from the one we imagine. $Rolf Dobelli
We see ourselves better than we are in fact. This self-serving bias leads to more risks we would otherwise do. Part of a good life is seeing yourself as realistically as possible. $Rolf Dobelli 
God, grand me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference. $Wisdom
Wisdom is prevention. Prevention requires more than just knowledge; it requires imagination. $Rolf Dobelli
Time, money and focus are three most important resources. Focus cannot be divided. Your happiness is determined by how you allocate your attention. $Rolf Dobelli 
In stone age only generalists could survive. Yet, now, the division of labour has lead to the “Winner takes it all” effect, when also best specialists get everything. $Rolf Dobelli
Culture of a company is how your people make decisions when you are not there. It is a set of assumptions your employees use to resolve the problems they face every day. It is how they behave when no one is looking. $Ben Horowitz
In any human interaction, the required amount of communication is inversely proportional to the level of trust. $Ben Horowitz
As organization grows, communication becomes its biggest challenge. $Ben Horowitz
Amazon culture: Accomplish more with less. $Ben Horowitz
We loof for every opportunity to save money so we can deliver the best products for the lowest cost. $Amazon
Effectiveness-better results with less efforts. $admin
When you are happy, you are feeling as a whole. $admin
When we are feeling sad, it is hard to get anything done. In this case, we can think only of solutions to make us feel better to bring ourselves out of the sadness. $Emotional Intelligence
Emotional Intelligence is the ability for you to manage your own emotions, while also recognizing and understanding the emotional state of those around you. $Emotional Intelligence
Someone emotionally intelligent understands that they are in charge of their emotional reactions-not necessarily their emotions. You might not be able to help it if you get mad, but you should control your reactions and spillovers. $Emotional Intelligence
Empathy is your ability to not just understand, but to feel the emotions of those around you. $Emotional Intelligence
You have to believe in yourself first if you ever expect anyone else to believe in you as well. $Emotional Intelligence 
Confidence means that you believe in yourself. You accept that you are not perfect, but you know that you have the ability to do what needs to be done with the supplies already at your disposal. $Emotional Intelligence 
Be open to discussion and approaches. Confidence doesn’t mean rudely telling them no, you should find effective manner. $Emotional Intelligence
Don’t just tell people what to do, work with them too make sure thay understand what they need to do. $Emotional Intelligence
In order to build favorable relationships, give people a few options to choose. $Emotional Intelligence
You want to be assertive, but never aggressive. You might be able to gain power with anger and 
Remember that when you ask for help, you can never be too grateful. Send a thank you card, invite for a dinner, buy them tickets etc. $Emotional Intelligence
The key to motivation is knowing what needs to be done. $Emotional Intelligence
As an emotionally intelligent entrepreneur, what is most important is that you ensure the other person that their time is still incredibly important to you, even employees. $Emotional Intelligence
The best way to motivate your team is in monetary terms. Give bonuses to the hardest workers. Your employees will want to feel special. They want to have a purpose in your company just as you have the motives that drive the business. $Emotional Intelligence
Belonging cues possess three basic qualities:-Energy. People invest in the exchange that is occurring.-Individualization. People treat the person as unique and valued.-Future orientation. People signal the relationship will continue. These add up to: You are safe here. $Daniel Coyle
First five minutes of interaction strongly predict the outcomes of negotiations. Initial moments matter more than anything else. $Daniel Coyle
Visual contact is very important. If you can see the other person or even the area where they work, you get closer. $Daniel Coyle
It is important to avoid interruptions. The smoothness of turn taking is a powerful indicator of group performance. $Daniel Coyle
