In any interaction, we have a natural tendency to try to hide our weaknesses and appear competent. If you want to create safety, this is exactly the wrong move. Instead, you should open up, show you make mistakes and ask for recommendations. $Daniel Coyle
One of the most vital moments for creating safety is when a group shares bad news or gives tough feedback. You should be thankful to that and encourage to be also open next time as well. $Daniel Coyle
Let everyone speak. $Daniel Coyle
Conduct one-on-ones meetings with all employees. $Daniel Coyle
Ray Kroc was famous of picking up trash after Macdonalds was closing in the evenings. $Daniel Coyle
Pixar invites all new employees at cinema. They sit where directors row. They hear then: Whatever you were before, you are a filmmaker now. Even barista hears that. $Daniel Coyle
Laughter is not just fun, it is the most fundamental sign of safety and connection. $Daniel Coyle
When giving feedback, don’t be brutal. Give smaller, more targeted, less personal, less judgmental, and equally impactful feedback. $Daniel Coyle
Strong cultures provide two simple locators: here we are and here we want to go. $Daniel Coyle
One of the best measures of any group’s culture is its learning velocity-how quickly it improves its performance of a new skill. $Daniel Coyle
Successful teams work in detail on each new procedure. Explain new protocols, talk about communications. $Daniel Coyle
Encouragement to speak up. Successful teams were told by team leaders to speak up if they saw a problem, they were actively coached through the feedback process. $Daniel Coyle
Successful teams discuss performance, discuss future, suggest improvements. $Daniel Coyle
A successful restaurant, like a successful Antarctic expedition, depends on ceaseless proficiency. Good food is not enough. Good location is not enough. Good service, training, branding, leadership, adaptability, and luck are not enough. Survival depends on putting all of it together, night after night. $Daniel Coyle
There is also leadership not from A to B, but from A to unknown. Creative leaders are artists, they see things that do not exist yet. In successful cultures, however, leaders are not usually artists. $Daniel Coyle
Give a good idea to mediocre team, they will suck. Give a mediocre idea to a good team, they will find a way to make it better. $Daniel Coyle
Crisis always helps to crystallize purpose. $Daniel Coyle
Make it safe to fail and give feedback. $Daniel Coyle
Sometimes it pays to be a little wild. $Donald Trump
I am just looking to hire the best talent, wherever I can find it. My philosophy is always to hire the best from the best. $Donald Trump
Sometimes I call people just to say thank you for different achievements and good things they do. $Donald Trump
Frankly, I am not a big fan of parties, because I can’t stand a small talk. Unfortunately, they are part of doing business, so, I try to leave early. $Donald Trump 
Your best investments are the ones you don’t make. $Donald Trump
Listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. $Donald Trump
My style of deal-making is quite simple and straightforward. I aim very high, and then I just keep pushing and pushing and pushing to get what I am after. Mostly it is about instincts. $Donald Trump
I like thinking big. I always have. To me it is very simple: if you are going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. Most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. $Donald Trump
I wasn’t satisfied to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. I was out to build something monumental. $Donald Trump
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus. They are obsessive, they are driven, they are single-minded and sometimes they are almost maniacal, but is it all channelled into their work. $Donald Trump
I happen to love to go up against sharpest, toughest, and most vicious people, and I love to beat them. $Donald Trump
Maximize your options. $Donald Trump
You can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not going to be worth much. There are a lot of Frank Sinatra’s in garages and no one has ever heard of them. You need to generate interest, and you need to create excitement. $Donald Trump
I am very good with people who are good to me. But when people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has been to fight back very hard. $Donald Trump
The dollar always talks in the end. $Donald Trump
I believe in spending what you have to. But I also believe in not spending more than you should. $Donald Trump
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. I don’t spend a lot of time worrying about what I should have done differently, or what is going to happen next. I don’t know what my deals add up to. I have had a very good time making them. $Donald Trump
Competence and efficiency: get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out. $Donald Trump 
The most important thing in life is to love what you are doing, because that is the only way you will ever be really good at it. $Donald Trump
People either like me a lot, or they don’t like me at all. $Donald Trump
I have a father who has always been a rock, very straight and very solid. $Donald Trump
