Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
Commit $early on to quality. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
Be smart enough to know when you are lucky. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
Grow slowly. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
Hire the best to teach you what you don’t know. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
It is the ability to delegate which, more than anything else, separates the good managers from the bad ones. Delegation is the process of building up people, then letting go of a responsibility. It sounds easy, but it almost never is. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
I have four philosophies for dealing with employees: 1 Pay them what they are worth, 2 Make them feel that they are important, 3 Make them think for themselves, 4 separate office life from social life. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
DON’T demand from your employees anything that you aren’t demanding from yourself. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
The whole solution to mastering time is to do the things you planned on doing when you planned on doing them, and for no longer than you planned on doing them. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
Organize for the next day at the end of the previous day. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
The harder I practice, the luckier I get. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
The harder I practice, the luckier I get. $“What they don’t teach you at Harvard” Book
Complex Problem Solving is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Critical Thinking is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Creativity is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
People Management is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Coordinating With Others is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Emotional Intelligence is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Service Orientation is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Negotiation is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Cognitive Flexibility is one of the top 10 skills required in 2020. $According to World Economic Forum
Critical thinking is an ability to think clearly and deeply about a problem and making a logical judgement. It is a kind of thinking where you yourself analyse and examine and come up with an effective conclusion instead of believing on other’s opinions. It requires patience and good observation power. $According to World Economic Forum
Machines help get work done faster but it cannot be creative. It’s the creativity of the person inventing the machine. Corporates hire employees who are creative and innovative. They want their employees to implement new ideas and think outside the box. $According to World Economic Forum
People management is one of the most important skill that one should learn for longterm success. As every king needs an empire, every leader needs a team in order to achieve his goal. This is only possible if the leader possesses people management skill. $According to World Economic Forum
Coordinating with others is a part of people management. The success of a team highly depends on the coordination among its members. This skill improves when you first understand others and then get yourself understood. A team cannot win only by the effort of a single person. $According to World Economic Forum
Emotional intelligence refers to the ability to control and manage one’s own emotions and capability to control other’s emotions too. Success requires control i.e. control on one’s own mind. Mastering this skill is very important for your own personal growth. Before controlling other’s emotions, you need to first have control on your emotions. Only then you can influence others and have works done together. It is a very important skill in leadership. $According to World Economic Forum
The robots are still not capable of making judgement and decisions. The demand of this very skill will never go down because this is the most important skill, highly required in corporates $and even in personal lives. It’s not just the ability to make decisions and judgement but the ability to take correct and appropriate decisions. $According to World Economic Forum
Service Orientation means seeking different ways to help others. How well you are able to help people in your team determines the quality of your leadership. If you fail to master this skill, you lose your subordinate’s trust and loyalty. A true leader is one who helps his team grow without leaving anyone behind. $According to World Economic Forum
Reaching to a desired agreement without any argument or dispute is the key element of negotiation skill. Most people often fail to make an agreement that they want to, because they lack in negotiation skills. They cannot argue with the people and then is bound to agree on what they say. Mastering this skill requires clarity of goals and proper presentation and discussion of ideas. $According to World Economic Forum
Cognitive Flexibility means the ability of an individual to handle different people accordingly. Different individuals have different thoughts, ideas, actions, opinions, emotions, etc. Thus, everyone cannot be treated and handled in a same way. You have to be flexible and adaptive to talk to different people. It requires creativity, logical thinking and good public relations. $According to World Economic Forum
